refactor: :recycle: allow override security context (#1248)
stevehipwell/helm-charts: charts/nexus3/CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

> ### Changed
> 
> - Change security context in chart value to allow override. ([#1248](https://github.com/stevehipwell/helm-charts/pull/1248)) _@falltrades_
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added

- Add support for configuring init container security context via the new `initNonRootSecurityContext` & `initRootSecurityContext` values. ([#1248](https://github.com/stevehipwell/helm-charts/pull/1248)) _@falltrades_
- Add support for setting config job pod & container security context via the new `config.job.podSecurityContext` & `config.job.securityContext` values. ([#1248](https://github.com/stevehipwell/helm-charts/pull/1248)) _@falltrades_

### Changed

- Change defaults for config job pod security context. ([#1248](https://github.com/stevehipwell/helm-charts/pull/1248)) _@falltrades_

```
